 托福英语考试我们该准备哪些东西呢？每当我们在托福考试之前都会盲目的准备各种各样的题型和知识的搜集，那么我们在口语的考试的时候该注意哪些呢？
    新托福考试的口语部分共6道题，第1题和第2题为独立回答题。每道题的准备时间为15秒，回答问题时间为45秒。
    通常来说题目都不需要考生具备某一学科的专业知识，第一题是有关选择相关的人物，地点，事物或时间并就其发表观点，第二题是就两种可能的情况做出选择。例如：
    1、Describe an object that is very special in your life. Explain why this object is important to you.
    2、Some universities require students to participate in community service activities. What do you think are the advantages and disadvantages of having such a policy? Include details and examples in your explanation.
    在回答的时候，要通过举例或细节描述支持论点，表达时可以运用定义，描写，比较，比喻或举例等合适的方法。恰当的细节描述来支撑自己的观点。例如：就上面的两个问题来回答：
    1、Describe an object that is very special in your life. Explain why this object is important to you.
    The object that is special for me is the book Harry potter one. I cherish it very much for the following several reasons. First, it is a present that my mother gave to me as my eleventh birthday gift. Second, after reading this book, I found books are actually amazing; the plots in it are quite impressive. And then, I developed an interest in reading books. I really appreciate that the book brings me to this fantastic world. Finally, by talking about the book, I meet so many friends that have the common interest of me. Therefore, this book is truly special for me, I'll cherish it forever.
    分析：首先明确指出了书的名字：Harry potter one. 开门见山。很多时候中国考生说话喜欢兜圈子，话说了好多，但还没有说到要点。这是不对的，美国人的思维是看门见山，直截了当的说出自己的观点。接下来，采用了First, Second, Finally这样的词汇来阐述自己的观点，这样可以让听者很清晰的把握内容的脉络，很具有条理性。而且在论证的过程中还才采用了大量的细节描述，after reading this book, I found books are actually amazing; the plots in it are quite impressive. And then, I developed an interest in reading books. I really appreciate that the book brings me to this fantastic world. 使回答的内容更具有了说服力，内容完成，回答缜密。
    2、Some universities require students to participate in community service activities. What do you think are the advantages and disadvantages of having such a policy? Include details and examples in your explanation.
    There are both advantages and disadvantages of a policy that requires students to participate in community service activities. One of the advantages is that it might help students understand the importance of good will and charity. Another advantage is that it will help students understand other people better. The most important advantage of such a policy is that it will help bridge gaps between different age, class, and ethnic groups. Some people might also argue that there are some drawbacks to having such a policy. One of those disadvantages might be that forcing people to do things they don't want to do usually has some kind of consequence. Furthermore, when people are receiving help from others, they usually give their trust to their helpers; if the volunteers don't want to be there, it might prevent some people from helping.
    分析：总体来看，内容完整，条理清晰，很自然的就能从回答中获得所需要的信息。先说出了问题的优势，再指出劣势。而且关系一层层的递进，例如：One of the advantages, Another advantage, The most important advantage. 这样读下来，可以轻松的知道优势在哪。 同样，在说劣势的时候，也采用了这种形式：One of those disadvantages, Furthermore. 论证的时候能通过举例,细节描述去证明观点： Furthermore, when people are receiving help from others, they usually give their trust to their helpers; if the volunteers don't want to be there, it might prevent some people from helping. 这样是内容更加丰满了。在提出一个观点的时候，一般来说至少要用2个以上的论据去支撑自己的论点，否则就会显得太单薄，缺乏感染力和说服力，也会造成让人觉得口语水平不高等这样的弊端。所以一定要用细节来充实内容。
    上面是就第一和第二两题的一些阐述。老生常谈，说到口语，自然会联想到语音语调等。这是口语的基础，也是一个人的 “门面”。在刚听到口语的时候，第一印象就是语音，标准的发音,适中的语速会给人留下好的印象。所以在发音方面一定要注意，可以跟读磁带或者多与外国人交流，潜移默化中，发音就会被纠正的。再加上把握住上面提到的一些回答的技巧，相信可以使口语水平有一个质的飞跃的！
    托福的口语考试外教老师还建议我们多加强口语的沟通技巧，及做题技巧的练习，这样我们就可以取得更好的成绩。