范文一：On Maintaining Trust
　　Trustis crucial and indispensable in maintaining a relationship. Without trust, wecannot get along well with other people, let alone cooperate with them or gethelp from them. People are social animals. Without interacting with otherpeople, life would be dull and meaningless。
　　Nowadays,the whole society is faced with “credit crisis”. We become unwillingly tobelieve the governments, friends, colleagues and strangers. This poses a greatthreat to the building of a harmonious society. And sometimes, we even believedthat we might be deceived if we trust too much. But in our everyday life, if wedon’t trust other people, we could live in torment. Since trust is of greatsignificance, what should we do to improve our sense of trust? First of all, wecannot lie to those who trust us. Secondly, it’s never too late to apologize toothers for our mistakes. What’s more, we should strike a trust balance between ourselves and others。“Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none。” should be our ultimate goal。
　　Theperfect way to make a man trustworthy is to trust him, and to let him know thatyou trust him。
　　范文二：On Maintaining Trust
　　As the contemporary society develops dramatically, a worrying problem has sprung up that the degree of trust among individuals has decreased. For example, when we meet a man begging for money due to his handicapped leg in the street, we are considering whether he is cheating us. Plus, in the business circle, we consumers couldn’t easily believe what the merchant has guaranteed。
　　All these problems mentioned above are reduced to adverse consequences. Especially, in the corporate world exists the prevalence of dishonesty. Influenced by these phenomena, we, invariably, become increasing cautious about other’s guarantee, even a piece of word. Thus, this trend does much harm to the commodity economy。
　　The underlying reason for these phenomena is that current people fail to trust each other, so keeping trust counts most, because the foundation of any relationship, whether it be with a business associate, spouse, parent, client or, friend, is trust. Trust is not something that can be built with quick fix techniques. Rather, it is something that is cultivated through consistent habits in personal interactions。
　　范文三：On Maintaining Trust
　　Trust is a typical topic that every one of us is quite familiar with. However it has been giving much more emphasis nowadays because it is really in a critical time for us to appeal for maintaining trust between people。
　　As a side-effect of the prosperity of the market economy, the absence of trust is partly contributes to the dishonesty of some businessmen and manufacturers who make or sale shoddy and unqualified products to pursuit a bigger profit. It resulted in the untrusting between people. While the untrusting, in return, make it more difficult to pursuit a bigger profit for it takes more time and energy to convince people into buying their commodities. What’s worse, it may lose the potential customers and result in its collapse. It goes for the interpersonal relationship. Can we imagine what it would look like if we live in a world without trust? It must be cold and misery。
　　Therefore, it is high time for us to strengthen the importance of maintaining trust to create a better life。